# Motion Control Brake Model
The brake model from Motion Control is a standalone Simulink model whichcan be used as reference model in two CarMaker wrapper models depending on use. These CarMaker wrapper models are of generic model class.

*MoCo_Brake_CMcoder.slx* found in /tests/carmaker/src/MoCo_Brake is intended to be used as a Carmaker plugin. Build this model directly in Simulink to create a carmaker.win64.exe which can be used in CarMaker standalone.

*MoCo_Brake_Autocode.slx* found in /src/package/MoCo_Brake is intended to create autocode source files which can then be later build using cmake.
Building it that way results also in a carmaker.win64.exe which can be used in CarMaker standalone. This method is required to create BRICKS compatible source files for using this model in BRICKS.
The process is described below:

## Model Build using cmake:
1. Build the MoCo_Brake_Autocode.slx model in Simulink. Following a error-free build, it will generate the autocode source files.
3. Set the option *MoCo_Brake* in the CMakeList.txt file under *tests/carmaker* folder (line 18) to *ON* status OR execute the cmake build with additional option as in 3.
3. Build the main CMakeLists.txt file in a created /build-folder at top level of the Repo using the command "cmake -A x64 -DMoCo_Brake=ON ..". The last option "-DMoCo_Brake=ON" is not required if 2. was not done.
4. Build the visual studio project to generate the CarMaker.win64.exe (if not already generated by cmake build)

## Model Usage
 1. Select the CarMaker executable from under /tests/carmaker/src for CMcoder option or under /tests/carmaker/bin/Debug folder for cmake option and start it from CarMaker GUI
 2. In the Additional Parameter section of the Misc Tab of the Vehicle Data Set, include the MoCo_BrakeModel as an external file of the generic model class (the file can be found under *Data/Misc/BrakeParameters/MoCo_Brake/VW_Passat*) or copy the below line
 
 *GenericPlugin.MoCo_BrakeModel.FName = BrakeParameters/MoCo_Brake/VW_Passat/MoCo_Brake_Model*
 
 3. The input to the model is provided as a negative target torque value to the signal *MoCoBrake.Target_Trq*
 4. An example TestRun *MoCo_Braking* is provided with all necessary pre-configuration. The target torque to the brake model is provided here via minimaneuver command
